Announcer: NOW LET'S GET UP
TO SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D's!"
Goodwin: THE KING
OF THE NETHERWORLD
FAST APPROACHES,
AND WHEN HE ARRIVES,
YOU CAN BE SURE
THAT ALL YOU SEE AROUND YOU
WILL BE DESTROYED
SO THAT I CAN CREATE
A NEW WORLD TO RULE!
NOW, JUNK ARCHER,
LET HIM HAVE IT!
ATTACK GOODWIN
DIRECTLY!
YOU JUST SET OFF MY TRAP...
OFFERING TO THE IMMORTALS!
AND THERE'S MORE:
MY EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
WILL BE ON THE FIELD SOON,
SOON BEING RIGHT NOW!
COME FORTH,
WIRAQOCHA RASCA!
THEIR SPIRITS!
HE'S TAKING THEM!
NO, HE'S USING THEM
TO POWER UP
THAT MONSTROSITY.
[ROARING]
NOW THEN, WHERE WERE WE
AGAIN EXACTLY?
ABOUT TO ROUT
YUSEI'S LIFE POINTS!
DON'T THINK SO!
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN
CARD... LIFE EXCHANGE!
WITH THIS TRAP,
IF LIFE POINTS CHANGE
DUE TO A CARD EFFECT,
I BECOME THE NEW TARGET
OF THAT EFFECT!
IT'S EASY TO BE BRAVE
WHEN YOU'RE A FOOL!
WIRAQOCHA RASCA!
REDUCE CROW'S
LIFE POINTS TO ONE!
OH, NO! CROW!
HE'S DONE FOR!
AAH!
IT'LL BE WORTH IT.
JUST YOU WAIT AND SEE,
GOODWIN . UHH!
CROOOOOW!
YOU'LL BE AVENGED,
OLD FRIEND.
GO, RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND!
ATTACK THAT
SUN DRAGON INTI!
GO, SCORCHING
CRIMSON FLARE!
Goodwin: I WARNED YOU
THAT YOUR FATES WERE SEALED.
THEY ARE, JUST AS THE FATE
OF THE ENTIRE WORLD
IS SEALED, AS WELL!
ALL THAT YOU'VE SAID AND DONE?
IT MEANS NOTHING.
DOOMSDAY IS FINALLY HERE!
TIME HAS ALL BUT RUN OUT!
THE SIGNERS HAVE FAILED!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
4KIDS PRODUCTIONS
HA HA HA HA!
[GROWLING]
ATTACK, BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
[ROARING]
YOU TOO, ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON!
[ROARS]
DON'T YOU SEE?
YOU CAN FEND OFF
THOSE MINIONS ALL YOU WANT,
BUT THE KING OF THE NETHERWORLD
WILL STILL ARRIVE HERE
AT THIS ANCIENT TEMPLE,
AND KNOW THAT WHEN HE DOES,
THE WORLD AS YOU KNOW IT
WILL BE GONE!
NOT IF WE WIN
THIS MATCH!
YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT!
SO QUIT YOUR BLABBING
AND LET'S FINISH THIS!
I'M ON IT!
MY TURN!
[THINKING]
JACK'S FIELD IS EMPTY.
THAT MEANS GOODWIN'S
GONNA BE AIMING FOR HIM.
I REVEAL MY TRAP CARD...
FIENDISH CHAIN!
THIS NEGATES SUN DRAGON
INTI'S SPECIAL ABILITY,
AND MAKES IT
SO IT CAN'T ATTACK
OR BE SACRIFICED!
YES! NOW THAT SUN DRAGON
WON'T BE ABLE TO ATTACK
JACK'S LIFE POINTS.
BUT WAIT.
OH, LITTLE JACK.
SO MUCH TO LEARN.
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU
"GIVE UP
YOUR LONER WAYS,"
AS YOU PUT IT.
YOU MAKE
CARELESS MISTAKES,
AND NOW YOU'LL PAY
FOR THEM,
AND PAY DEARLY.
OF COURSE, THE IRONY
IN ALL OF THIS IS
THAT EVEN THOUGH
YOU'VE COMMITTED
YOURSELF
TO YOUR FRIENDS,
YOU'LL BE PAYING
THIS PRICE
ALL ALONE.
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT I SPEAK OF?
I AM SPEAKING
OF THE MOMENT
YOU FACE YOUR DOOM!
THAT'S NOT GOOD.
AND THAT
VERY MOMENT IS
NOW AT HAND, JACK!
SORRY, BUT YOUR
SO-CALLED FRIENDS
CAN'T SAVE YOU,
BECAUSE I ACTIVATE
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
WIRAQOCHA RASCA'S ABILITY!
NOW I SKIP
MY BATTLE PHASE AND YOUR
LIFE POINTS FALL TO ONE!
UNLEASH YOUR FURY, RASCA!
OH, NO.
IF I HAVE 1,000
OR LESS LIFE POINTS,
FIENDISH CHAIN
GETS DESTROYED.
YES, THAT'S RIGHT, JACK,
AND THAT MEANS
MY SUN DRAGON INTI IS FREE!
AND THE KING
OF THE NETHERWORLD
IS THAT MUCH CLOSER
TO LAYING WASTE
TO THIS WRETCHED WORLD!
[ROARING]
QUICK! RUN FOR IT! AAH!
OUR DRAGONS ARE
HELPLESS AGAINST HIM!
HE'S TOO STRONG!
JACK, NO!
DO YOU SEE, JACK?
ALL YOUR FRIENDS?
USELESS!
YOU'RE DONE FOR!
I MAY BE, BUT THAT'S WHY
THE BOND WE SHARE
IS SO IMPORTANT...
BECAUSE OUR CAUSE
CONTINUES TO LIVE ON!
AAH!
OH, NO, JACK!
YUSEI.
I CAN'T CONTINUE.
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
THAT I'VE CHECKED OUT
OF THIS DUEL.
KNOW THAT I'LL BE THERE
IF YOU NEED ME, OLD FRIEND.
AND THAT GOES FOR ME,
TOO, YUSEI.
THE TWO OF US MAY BE
DOWN FOR THE COUNT,
BUT IF YOU FIND
YOURSELF IN A JAM,
JUST THINK OF US.
YOU CAN DO IT, YUSEI!
Trudge:
WE BELIEVE IN YOU!
DO YOU SEE, GOODWIN?
WE'RE STILL STRONG!
PLEASE! YOU'RE STILL
TRYING TO ACT
LIKE YOU'RE ALL
IN THIS TOGETHER?
ALL RIGHT THEN,
PROVE IT.
I PLACE ONE FACE DOWN
AND END MY TURN.
NOW LET'S SEE
HOW STRONG YOU ARE!
MY DRAW!
FIRST I'LL ACTIVATE
JUNK ARCHER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
NOW, ONCE PER TURN,
I CAN REMOVE ONE
MONSTER FROM PLAY,
AND THIS TURN
I CHOOSE TO REMOVE
SUN DRAGON INTI!
A FINE PLAN, IF ONLY
I DIDN'T HAVE THIS:
THE TRAP PASSION
OF BAIMASSE!
IT NEGATES YOUR ARCHER'S ABILITY
AND THEN DESTROYS HIM OUTRIGHT!
HMM. THEN I GUESS
I'LL JUST HAVE TO SUMMON
SHIELD WARRIOR
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THEN I'LL THROW
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
THAT'S YOUR PROOF OF
THE POWER OF FRIENDSHIP?
ONE MONSTER COWERING
ON HIS KNEE IN DEFENSE MODE?
OH, POOR YUSEI.
YOU DISAPPOINT ME SO.
AND BESIDES,
IT'S POINTLESS TO DEFEND,
ESPECIALLY AGAINST
MY EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL!
BUT DON'T TAKE MY WORD
FOR IT. I'LL SHOW YOU!
MY DRAW! AND MY TURN
TO SHOW YOU WHAT REAL POWER IS!
FIRST, I ACTIVATE
RASCA'S SPECIAL ABILITY!
NOW, BY SKIPPING
MY BATTLE PHASE,
YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE LOWERED TO ONE!
STRIKE WITH ALL
YOUR MIGHT, RASCA!
AAH!
OH, NO!
YUSEI!
[GOODWIN LAUGHS]
NOW THE THREE OF YOU HAVE
BUT THREE LIFE POINTS!
IF YOU'RE SMART,
YOU'LL BEG ME FOR MERCY!
HA HA HA HA!
WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
START GROVELING!
NO CHANCE.
I'M STILL PLANNING
TO WIN THIS.
HUH?
I MAY ONLY HAVE
ONE LIFE POINT LEFT,
BUT I CAN STILL RIDE
MY RUNNER,
AND THAT MEANS
I CAN STILL DUEL!
YOU JUST DON'T KNOW
WHEN TO GIVE UP.
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT!
MY TURN!
AND FIRST, I'LL ACTIVATE
ANGEL BATON FROM MY HAND!
AND SINCE I HAVE TWO
OR MORE SPEED COUNTERS,
I GET TO DRAW TWO CARDS
FROM MY DECK!
NOW I PICK ONE
TO KEEP AND ONE TO
SEND TO MY GRAVEYARD.
NEXT, I'LL SUMMON
THE TUNER MONSTER
DEBRIS DRAGON!
[ROARS]
AND SINCE DEBRIS DRAGON
WAS CALLED OUT,
I'M ALLOWED TO BRING BACK
A MONSTER FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AS LONG AS IT HAS 500
OR LESS ATTACK POINTS,
SO I BRING BACK YOU,
SONIC CHICK!
AND NOW, I TUNE MY
LEVEL 4 DEBRIS DRAGON
WITH LEVEL 1 SONIC CHICK
AND LEVEL 3 SHIELD WARRIOR,
TO SYNCRO SUMMON
STARDUST DRAGON!
LET'S REV IT UP!
[ROARS]
THAT BEAST DOESN'T HAVE
ENOUGH ATTACK POINTS
TO MAKE ANY DIFFERENCE!
WRONG! LIKE I SAID,
THIS BEAST IS LIKE
THE BOND WE SHARE!
WAIT! WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I MEAN I'M USING
THE EFFECT OF THE TRAP
CROW LEFT BEHIND.
BLACKWING ANCHOR!
NOW, BY SENDING
BLACKWING ANCHOR
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
STARDUST DRAGON'S
ATTACK POINTS INCREASE
BY 2,500 FOR THIS TURN.
WHAT?!
THAT'S WHY CROW
RELEASED BLACKWING
ARMOR MASTER
WITH HIS LAST MOVE...
NOT FOR HIMSELF,
BUT FOR THE TEAM!
AND NOW,
SINCE STARDUST
DRAGON IS STRONGER
THAN EVER BEFORE,
I'LL HAVE HIM ATTACK
SUN DRAGON INTI!
FOOL! ANY MONSTER
THAT DESTROYS INTI
IS ALSO DESTROYED,
AND THEN YOU TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS!
ACTUALLY, GOODWIN,
THAT'S EXACTLY WHERE
YOU'RE WRONG!
THANKS TO
STARDUST DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
IF I RELEASE HIM,
THEN INTI'S EFFECT
IS NEGATED!
IT'S A LITTLE SOMETHING
I LIKE TO CALL
VICTIM'S SANCTUARY!
THAT'S ALL WELL AND GOOD,
YUSEI, BUT HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN?
WHENEVER SUN DRAGON INTI
IS DESTROYED,
I'M THEN ALLOWED TO
RESURRECT HIS COUNTERPART
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
COME FORTH,
MOON DRAGON QUILLA!
NOT THIS TIME, GOODWIN.
HUH?
WAIT.
IS THAT JACK'S CARD?
TOLD YA, GOODWIN.
OUR BOND IS POWERFUL!
THANKS TO JACK, I NOW PLAY
THE TRAP CONQUEST OF
THE SUPREME RULER!
NOW, BY SENDING THIS CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
YOU'RE NO LONGER
ALLOWED TO SUMMON
MOON DRAGON QUILLA!
NO, BUT...
BUT NOTHING!
AND NOW, SINCE I'M
ENDING MY TURN,
STARDUST DRAGON
RESURRECTS FROM
MY GRAVEYARD.
[ROARS]
WELCOME BACK, FRIEND.
GOODWIN! I WARNED YOU
ABOUT THE POWER OF
THE BOND BETWEEN US ALL.
NOW, PERHAPS YOU'LL
FINALLY BELIEVE ME!
NO, I REFUSE!
THERE'S NO SUCH THING
AS PEOPLE SHARING A BOND!
MAYBE ONCE I THOUGHT
THAT THERE COULD BE,
BUT NOW I KNOW BETTER
AND THE ONLY THING I BELIEVE IN
IS THE POWER OF MY TWO MARKS!
THAT'S NOT TRUE!
I KNOW YOU'RE STILL
CONNECTED TO ROMAN!
WHAT?
THAT'S WHY YOU BUILT
THAT BRIDGE...
BECAUSE HE TRUSTED YOU
AND YOU WANTED TO
FULFILL HIS DREAMS.
MAYBE YOU FAILED, BUT
I KNOW THERE IS STILL
THAT DREAM IN YOU.
I KNOW YOU TWO STILL
SHARE THAT BOND.
ROMAN.
Yusei: AND YOU GET MORE
STRENGTH AND POWER FROM HIM
THAN WITH THOSE TWO MARKS!
NO, IT'S NOT TRUE!
YOU'RE LYING,
TRYING TO CONFUSE ME
SO YOU CAN WIN!
BUT IT WON'T WORK! THE KING
OF THE NETHERWORLD APPROACHES,
AND YOU THREE ONLY HAVE
ONE LIFE POINT LEFT EACH
TO STOP HIM
FROM DESTROYING
THIS MISERABLE WORLD AND
LEAVING ME ALL-POWERFUL!
YOU ARE DOOMED!
Goodwin: RIDE AS FAST
AS YOU CAN, YUSEI.
THERE IS NO ESCAPING
YOUR FATE.
YOU AND ALL YOUR FRIENDS SHALL
BE SENT TO THE NETHERWORLD!
[SINISTER LAUGHTER]
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
AND YOUR TURN, YUSEI, TO LOSE!
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL!
ATTACK YUSEI DIRECTLY!
WITH ONE LIFE POINT LEFT,
NOW MAY BE A GOOD TIME
TO SAY GOOD-BYE!
UNLEASH YOUR FURY, RASCA!
[ROARS]
Jack: YUSEI!
HUH?
QUICKLY! MY CARD!
USE IT RIGHT NOW!
THAT'S RIGHT! YOU THREW
A FACEDOWN DURING YOUR
LAST TURN, DIDN'T YOU?
AGAIN, GOODWIN,
THE STRENGTH OF
OUR BOND IS PROVEN!
AND NOW, I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP SCRUBBED RAID!
THIS ALLOWS ME TO PUT
AN END TO THIS TURN'S
BATTLE PHASE
SIMPLY BY SENDING
A CARD ON MY FIELD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
WHICH MEANS YOUR
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
CAN'T ATTACK!
HUH! IN THAT CASE,
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP,
METEOR FLARE!
NOW, BY SENDING TWO CARDS
IN MY HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD,
YOU'RE DEALT
2,000 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
Yusei: WRONG, BECAUSE
I ACTIVATE JOINT FUTURE!
WITH THIS, I SEND
ONE CARD IN MY HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD
AND YOUR TRAP'S EFFECT
IS NEGATED!
MAYBE, BUT METEOR FLARE STILL
GETS SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD,
WHICH MEANS, SINCE IT'S STILL
THE DRAW PHASE OF MY TURN,
I'M ALLOWED TO ADD IT
RIGHT BACK TO MY HAND!
'FRAID NOT, GOODWIN!
ANY CARD WHOSE EFFECT IS
NEGATED BY JOINT FUTURE
IS RETURNED TO THE DECK,
WHICH IS THEN SHUFFLED.
WHAT?!
[GRUNTS]
I END MY TURN.
DO YOU SEE?
AGAIN AND AGAIN,
THE POWER
OF FRIENDSHIP TRIUMPHS!
NOW LET THE POWER
OF YOUR BROTHERLY BOND
TRIUMPH, TOO!
BE QUIET!
THE BOND I SHARED WITH
MY BROTHER IS LONG GONE!
YOU'RE WRONG!
THERE ARE CERTAIN BONDS
THAT LAST FOR ETERNITY!
BELIEVE ME, I KNOW.
AND I KNOW THAT YOU DO,
TOO, GOODWIN!
AFTER ALL,
YOUR BROTHER TRUSTED YOU
TO DO THE RIGHT THING.
TRUST LIKE THAT MAY
BE EASY TO IGNORE,
BUT NOT TO FORGET.
GO ON, GOODWIN,
AND TAKE A LOOK DEEP
DOWN INTO YOUR HEART!
I'M TELLING YOU,
ROMAN IS STILL THERE.
YOU JUST HAVE
TO LISTEN TO HIM!
HUH?
MY BROTHER.
OH, REX.
WAIT! ROMAN!
IS THAT...
[GROANING]
WHAT?
OUR MARKS!
THEY'RE BACK!
[GROANS]
THE MARK OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON!
IT'S GIVING US POWER
LIKE NEVER BEFORE!
THE MARK OF
THE DRAGON HEAD
IS WITH ME?
HUH?
WHAT IN THE WORLD?!
NO FAIR!
I WAS THE CHOSEN ONE!
I HAD THE MARKINGS OF BOTH
THE LIGHT AND THE DARKNESS!
PERHAPS!
AND YET BENEATH THEM,
THE CRIMSON DRAGON SAW
THAT YOU STILL HONOR
YOUR BROTHER'S MEMORY.
SO NOW
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
IS A PART OF ME!
All: YUSEI!
YOU DID YOUR PART,
GOODWIN.
AND NOW, I'LL DO MINE!
[ROARS]
MY TURN!
FIRST, SINCE STARDUST DRAGON
IS ON MY FIELD,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
THE STARDUST XIAOLONG
THAT'S SLEEPING
IN MY GRAVEYARD!
[ROARS]
AND THEN I SUMMON
MAJESTIC DRAGON!
NOT THAT, NO!
NEXT, I TUNE LEVEL 1
MAJESTIC DRAGON
WITH LEVEL 8
STARDUST DRAGON
AND LEVEL 1 STARDUST
XIAOLONG!
[GROWL]
[ALL GASP]
WHATEVER IT IS
THAT YUSEI'S DOING,
HE'D BETTER DO IT QUICK!
Yusei: I HARNESS ALL
THE POWER OF THE STARS.
I CHANNEL ALL THE MIGHT
OF THE DRAGONS!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE MAJESTIC
STAR DRAGON!
[ROARS]
Computer: MAJESTIC
STAR DRAGON IS A LEVEL 10
DRAGON TYPE MONSTER
WITH 3,800 ATTACK POINTS
AND 3,000 DEFENSE POINTS.
[ROARS]
Yusei: AND NOW
I'LL USE HIS ABILITY!
IT NEGATES THE POWER
OF YOUR IMMORTAL!
WHAT?!
AND THEN I REVEAL
MY TRAP CARD,
SYNCHRO BATON!
THANKS TO THIS, FOR
EVERY SYNCHRO MONSTER
THAT'S IN OUR GRAVEYARDS,
I CAN INCREASE
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ONE SYNCHRO MONSTER
ON MY FIELD BY 600!
SO, SINCE THERE ARE
FOUR SYNCHRO MONSTERS
IN OUR GRAVES,
MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON
GAINS 2,400
ATTACK POINTS!
AND HE GAINS
THE DISTINCTION OF BEING
THE TOUGHEST MONSTER
ON THE FIELD!
[ROARS]
YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS!
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
RASCA IS GOING DOWN!
GO, MAJESTIC
STAR DRAGON!
STAR SHINE SHRED!
[GASPS]
I'VE LOST. IT'S OVER.
[ROARS]
[GROANING]
Yusei: NOW SET
YOUR SIGHTS ON THE KING
OF THE NETHERWORLD!
[ROARING]
[SHRIEKING]
Yusei:
KALIN. GREIGER.
GOODWIN?
IS IT REALLY YOU?
NOT JUST ME.
HELLO, BROTHER.
I'M SO HAPPY
TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
IT FEELS
AS THOUGH IT'S
BEEN AN ETERNITY.
INDEED.
YOU WERE RIGHT,
YUSEI.
DEEP DOWN INSIDE,
I WAS STILL HONORING
MY BROTHER'S MEMORY.
WHERE ARE WE?
IN BETWEEN THE LIGHT
AND THE DARKNESS, YUSEI.
A PLACE OF PEACE,
AND IT'S ALL THANKS
TO YOU.
THE BONDS WE FORM
REALLY ARE ALL
THAT MATTER IN LIFE.
YUSEI,
TAKE CARE OF THEM.
THEIR PLACE IS BACK
ON EARTH.
NOW, IF YOU'LL
EXCUSE US,
MY BROTHER ROMAN AND I
HAVE SOME
CATCHING UP TO DO.
SHALL WE?
BUT WAIT!
[GROANS]
Yusei: AAH!
[ROARS]
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
AAH!
[GRUNTS]
OH, NO, JACK!
AND CROW!
Leo: WAIT! IT'S OK! LOOK!
Mina: THEY'RE SAFE!
Akiza: YEAH, AND CHECK IT OUT.
EVERYTHING'S GOING
BACK TO NORMAL!
AMAZING.
IT'S AS THOUGH YUSEI'S
MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON
IS REVERSING ALL
THE DAMAGE THAT THE KING
OF THE NETHERWORLD DID!
OH, IT'S ALL SO PRETTY!
GUESS THERE'S JUST ONE
LITTLE THING THAT REMAINS.
WHAT?
UH, WHERE'S THE
MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON
TAKING JACK, CROW,
AND YUSEI?
Akiza:
CHECK IT OUT, GUYS.
I GOT A POSTCARD IN THE MAIL
FROM MISTY THE OTHER DAY.
AS USUAL,
SHE'S BUSY AS EVER.
OH, AND I MEANT
TO TELL YOU, I HEARD
FROM GREIGER AND KALIN.
THEY SAY HI.
SOUNDS LIKE THEY'RE
HAVING A GREAT TIME!
ANYONE HEAR FROM YUSEI,
JACK, OR CROW? HUH?
NO, AND I'VE LOOKED
EVERYWHERE FOR THEM!
Carly: WHAT?!
HOW CAN I WRITE MY STORY
IF THEY'RE NOT AROUND?!
ALL OF THIS SIGNER STUFF IS
MY TICKET TO A PEABODY!
WHY DON'T YOU JUST
INTERVIEW YOURSELF?
YOU WERE THERE, TOO!
I'LL TELL YA WHY. IT'S BECAUSE
I DON'T REMEMBER ONE SECOND
OUT OF THE WHOLE THING!
SOME KIND OF MAGIC MEMORY
BRAINWASH, I GUESS!
IT'S SO FRUSTRATING!
HEH HEH! ON THE BRIGHT
SIDE, AT LEAST YOU HAVE
YOUR BRAIN BACK
AND YOU'RE NOT
PRANCING AROUND AS
A SCARY DARK SIGNER.
I WAS A DARK SIGNER?!
Crow:
I KNOW THE OTHERS
MUST BE WORRIED,
BUT I HAVE A FEELING
THEY'LL UNDERSTAND,
DON'T YOU THINK?
OH, YEAH.
I MEAN, JUST LOOK AT IT.
HMM. MAKES WHAT
WE WENT THROUGH
ALL WORTH IT.
SURE DOES.
FINALLY, SATELLITE AND CITY
ARE ONE AND THE SAME.
MAYBE ONE MAN CAN'T
BUILD A BRIDGE,
BUT A TEAM
OF FRIENDS SURE CAN.
RIGHT, BUT OUR WORK'S
NOT DONE YET.
THERE ARE PLENTY MORE BRIDGES
OUT THERE THAT NEED BUILDING.
IN THAT CASE,
WHAT ARE WE WAITING FOR?
LET'S REV IT UP, GUYS!
AND LET'S DO IT TOGETHER!
YEAH!